第二题套路
- Opinion
- R1 + F1 + example
- R2 + F2 + (example)


**Which of the following jobs do you think is the hardest one? Doctor/Officer/Government Worker**
## Hardest Job
I think doctors is the hardest job.  

First, doctors suffer from the pressure of professional knowledge. **Their professinal skills would be tested regularly**. If they don't pass the test, the goverment would revoke their license.  

Secondly, they suffer from the pressure of patients. The relatives of patient often harbor unrealistic expectation toward the doctors, and this expectation drives them irrational. For example, even the most famous doctor could not cure patient with terminal cancer, but realtives of patient would channel this pressure to doctors. That's the reason why doctor is a hard job.  

**Do you agree with the following statement? Students should visit some museums, like science museum, art museum and history museum.**
## Museum
Yeah! I agree with it.  

Firstly, museums introduce me the world of science. After visiting the museum, people generaly would be more motivated to learn. Last friday, I took my friend Jim to Shanghai Science Museum to witness the prototype of a supercomputer, that was when he started learning computer science.

Secondly，students nowadays stay in the classroom all the time, so a visit to museums is like a field trip. They could know each other bettwe by discussing about interesting topics along the way. Perfect way to make friends and have fun.

**Whaich of the following job you would like to do? Plant trees/ build bicycle trails/ clean the street**
## Plant trees

I would like to plant more trees.    

Firstly, more trees in the street would make people feel in the nature. People would spend more time outdoors or do some sports to relax.  

Secondly, trees could absorb the exhaust gas emmited by cars and factories. Shanghai is in desperate need of more trees because the quality of air is in serious condition. Without more trees to clean the air, people would wear masks all day long.

## Park
government should build a library or a park in your community?
I thick goverment should build a park.  
Firstly, a park in the community will benifit the residents' health. Trees in the park could absorb exhaust fume emitted by cars and factories. The air would get clean so people would like to jog or do other exercise in the park during the morning.  
Secondly, public park is a favorable place for young couples to date. All the trees and flowers and fresh air establish a romantic atomsphere and it is perfect to develop a love relationship here.

## Paper book OR Electronic book
My suggestion is to improve the library by replacing paper books with electronic
books.  
Frist, it’s really popular among students to read electronic books on digital devices
like ipad because they asume it is more environmentally friendly to read electronic
books. By replacing tons of paper books, the library helps to save the forrest that
makes the paper.  
Second, the electronic books would not take up so much space as the paper books.
So the library is able to make more space for meeting rooms where students could
work on group projects.  
Third, it’s more accessible and convenient to find the target book in the library. All
you need to do is to search the key words by using the search engine, instead of to
check the shelves one by one.  

## Famous People that you admire
The formal NBA basketball player, Yao Ming is the one I admire most.  
Firstly, he is the first Chinese player who entered the league as the first pick in NBA draft. He played so well on the court and was named to NBA All Star Game eight times in his career. He is definately the pride of Chinese people.  
Secondly, Yao Ming is still making contributions to sports undertakings in China after his retirement. Now he is the The chairman of the Basketball Association and devotes himself to the reform of professional basketball in China.

## Important Experience *
Recently, I took part in a machine learning project in our laboratory. In this project, I did some reasearch on how to extract structured information from unstructured text on the websites. It will be applied to machine comprehension task in the future.It is very important to me for 2 reasons.   

Firstly, It is a precious opportunity to get some deeper comprehension on the machine learning algorithms. I talked to some famous professors and understood many valuable ideas on Information Extraction.  
Secondly, this project made up a large portion of the final grade in our Machine Learning course. So I have to pay much effort on it and try to get a good result. 

## Place to Visit
If friends from other country were going to visit China, I would certainly suggest them to visit the Forbidden City.  
Firstly, the Forbidden City has a 500 years' history served as the home of emperors and their households. It was the Chinese imperial palace from the Ming Dynasty to the end of the Qing Dynasty. It represents the ceremonial and political center of Chinese government.  
Secondly, the Forbidden City now becomes the Palace Museum. There are many historical antiques preserved in it. I’m sure they won’t be disappointed.

## Broad Education or Focus on single subject
Broad Education：
- Broaden one's horizon, prevent being Narrow-minded
- Individual study ability，master many methods to solve problem
- Extend their study field and find a true-love

## A book
My favorite book is **the Old Man and the Sea**, which is written by Ernest Hemingway, one of the greatest American writers. The book told us a story about an old man called Diego who did fishing in Cuba. Though he came across lots of difficulties on the sea and came back without a single fish, he was optimistic and still held the hope. (Diego) is like a mirror which reflects what (Hemingway) wanted to tell all of us: Never give up and **the final success will come right after the last try**. I’ve stuck on that wisdom all the time ever since I read this book for that story makes me believe **there is no stronger thing ever than a strong human belief.**

## Make Mistakes
I totally agree with the statement that the best way to learn is to make mistakes.  
Firstly, by making mistakes, we got to learn where we didn't do well and improve ourselves. For example, a little baby don't know how to walk. Only after he falls over many many times, would he know how to keep balance. After some practice maybe he could even run.  
Secondly, sometimes making a mistake is like learning a lesson. When I first went to western restaurant, I directly went to an empty seats. But my American friends pull me back and told me we should wait until some waiter come over and lead us to the seats. Although I made a mistake I gained some cultural knowledge.

## Make new Friends
I think the best way of making new friends is attending group activities. In group activities, we have a chance to cooperate with some strangers and got to know their personal characters and temperament. Through cooperation people start to know each other then become friends.  
For example, I usually play basketball with strangers on the court. At the beginning we even do not know the name of each other. After a few hours' cooperation we start to talk with each other and become friends. Sometimes we will go to have a meal after playing.




