## Question
Some people say that the Internet provides people with a lot of valuable information. Others think access to so much information creates problems.
## Revised version
Stepping  into  the  information  age,  the  Internet  plays  an  indispensible  role  in  everyone's  life.  A  large  amount  of  information,  such  as  news,  technology  advancement,  celebrity  gossips  flush  through  our  screens.  Many  critics  has  argued  for  long  that  the  Internet  brings  us  not  only  valuable  information  that  enriches  our  life  but  some  severe  problems.  As far as I am concerned,  I  hold  a  different  idea  and  presume  that  the  benefits  of the Internet  definitely  outweigh  the  deficiencies  it  might  cause.

First  of  all,  the  wide  range  of  media  sources  opens  up  our  mind  and  makes  our  life  much  more  convenient.  Before  the  popularization  of  Internet,  the  publics'  information  sources  were  restricted  in  newspapers,  television  shows,  and  radio  broadcast.  Information  from  those  sources  was  of  limited  range,  making  people  narrow-minded    and  conventional.  For  example,  in  a  daily  newspaper,  political  issues  and  advertisements  generally  cover  half  of  the  contents.  Consider  that  if  you  want  to  know  how  to  cook  a  particular  dish  in  previous  days.  You  must  spend  many  hours  in  the  book  stores  and  find  which  cuisine  book  described  the  dish,  while  today  you  just  have  to  type  several  words  in  the  search  engine  and  get  the  answers  within  a  second.  It  substantially  simplifies  our  life  and  leaves  us  more  time  to  do  other  things.

Furthermore,  the  Internet  gives  everybody  a  chance  of  vocalizing  their  opinion  and  revealing  the  truths.  Previously,  public  consensus  was  easily  fouled  or  misled  by  so-called  mainstream  media, which was tightly  controlled  by  government, serves as a tool to stablize  the  society. Now the Internet enables  us  to  make comments and share waht we see anonymously  without  hindered  by  social  status  in  real  life.  Consequently, through the online forums and self-media, countless  of  truths are revealed to  the  public,  which unfolds  a  completely  different  aspect  of  the  world.  It  teaches  people  to  consider  a  problem  in  various  angles  before  drawing  a  conclusion.  

However,  I  have  to  admit  that  many  intricate  problems  occurred  over  the  years,  causing  severe  economic  loss.  False  information  with  malicious  intension  in  stock  market  cause  panic  to  our  society.  Videos  with  sexual  and  violence  contents  are  poisoning  children's  mind.  Malicious  internet  attack  and  information  fabrication  strongly  risk  the  safety  of  our  country.  In  order  to  keep  a  clean  and  harmonious  Internet  environment,  millions  of  dollars  and  human  labor  were  put  in,  which  otherwise  could  be  used  in  solving  poverty  and  education  problem.  

Although  there  are  still  many  problems  we  need  to  handle,  one  thing  is  for  sure  that  we  are  paying  effort  to  make  it  a  stable  and  reliable  tool  for  human  beings  and  the  prospect  of  the  Internet  is  promising.

## Original version
Stepping into the Information Age, the Internet plays an irrepalacable roles in everyones life. An large amount of infromation, such as news, tecnology advancement, celebraty gossip flood onto our screens. It has been disscussed for long that Internet not only brings about valuable information that enrich our life but some severe problems. However, the benefits of Internet would outweigh the deficiencies it might cause.

First of all, the wide range of media sources open up our mind and make our life much more convenient. Before the popularization of Interent, the publics' information sources were restricted in newspaper, television shows, and rideo broadcast. Those information transfered from those sources with limited categories were mostly out-of-style and boring. For example, in a daily newspaper, political issues and advertisements generally covers half of it. Consider that you want to know how to cook a particular dish in previous days. You must spend many hours in the book stores and find which cusine book discribe this dish, while today you just have to type several words in the search engine and get the answer with in a second. It substantially simplify our life and save us more time to do other things.

Furthermore, the Internet gives enerybody a chance of vocalize their oponinosn and reveal the truths. Privously, media sources are generally controlled by government and the public is easily fouled or mislead by so-called mainstream media. Governments try to hide the truth from their people by the media to stablize the society. However, everything has been changed since the advent of Internet. Countless of truths are revealed through out the Internet, valuable information unfolded a compeletely diffenrent aspect of the world. Now, people are taught to consider a problem in various angles before drawing a conclusion. We can freely share our ideas anonymously without hindered by social status in real life.

However, I had to commit that many intricate problems have emerged during the years. False information with malicious intension cause economical and even physical loss to the public. Videos with sexual and violence contents are poisoning children's mind. Malicious internet attack and information fabrication strongly risk the safty of our country, resuting thousand millions dollars cost in keeping a clean Internet environment. There are still many problems we need to handle to make it a stable and reliable tool for human beings.



## TPO11 Sample
Internet must be one of the greatest inventions during the 20th century. It shortens the distance between people all over the world by providing various kinds and large amount of information. In my point of view, I agree that Internet can provide a lot of valuable information, which would benefit us without troubling at all.  

By surfing through the Internet, we can get large quantities of useful skills, which can benefit ourselves, from the information that is available on the internet. Learning these skills can help us keep healthy, gain more money or even improve our living standard. In my country, there used to be some isolated villages, where books and knowledge are hard to spread. People living in these villages lack the basic skills to have a good harvest and they live in a very poor condition. Meanwhile, our government has helped them to have access to Internet recently and the villagers can get the information without any difficulties. By using this information, they improved their living conditions. Therefore, information getting from Internet can benefit our lives.  

Another important aspect is the current affairs. Internet could offer us a lot of information about things happend all over the world without people traveling around the world. **From the new scientific discovery to the war in the Middle East, from the economic crisis happened in Europe to the World Cup held in Russia, things happend in every corner of the world can be known in less than a minute through the Internet. Under this circumstance, people can have their own oponions on these affairs, or they can give their hands to the ones who need help. Internet give everyone a chance to learn more about the whole world by providing us information.**

**Admittedly, there is some unreal information on the Internet. On the contrary, I do not think it as a trouble at all. The existance of unreal information forces us to be critical thinking and have the ability to tell the truth. In addition, it is the person who fabricated the news rather than the Internet to be blamed.** 

All in all, the Internet is a great tool to offer us tremendous amout of information. Surrounded by large amount of information can broad our sight and make us more intelligent rather than trap us into troubles.

篇幅详略得当
