In the reading passage, the author holds the idea that conmmunal online encyclopedias are less valuable than traditional, printed one. However , the lecturer strongly refutes this idea.  

The reading passage, the author states that a communal online encyclopedia is often with errors and inaccuracies, which is attributed to unprofessional contributors. However the lecture contends that there are also some inaccuracies in traditional encyclopedia. And errors and inaccuracies can be corrected easily in an online encyclopedia, while with traditional encyclopedia, errors might remain for decades.  

As to the belief in the reading passage that the online encyclopedia gives many chances of fabricating, deleting and corrupting information to unscrupulous users and candals or hackers, lecturer gives tow strategies that have been proven very effective in protecting online encyclopedias form malicious alternation. She explains that contents that consisit of indisputable facts are stored in read-only format so that nobody can make changes to them. In addition, she says, ther are specialists who constantly monitor contents online so that they can quickly remove a suspicous change once it is detected.

The lecturer also chalenges the final point in the reading that the great depth and wide range of topics the communal encyclopedias focus might lead users to form false impression of what's important and what is not. She says that because of virtually unlimited space on the Internet, there is no need to worry about what is important eoungh for inclusion in an online encyclopedia.  

Moreover, the greater variaty of topics in online encyclopedias more truly reflect the **genuine interests** of the general public, even if some of these topics are less serious or academic than those in traditional encyclopedias.
